# AI-images-detection
In recent years, the use of generative neural network models for image creation has become increasingly popular. This has led to the emergence of individuals who refer to themselves as AI artists and specialize in creating images using neural networks exclusively. At the same time, various image distribution platforms have faced an influx of artificially generated images due to the lack of bans on their publication. Users may encounter two opposing problems regarding these generated images: on one hand, their quality may not be satisfactory, with various defects and artifacts such as unrealistic proportions and extra fingers or body parts being the most common. On the other hand, neural network models are continually improving, and some are capable of producing highly realistic images that can be used for malicious purposes. Therefore, it is necessary to develop an algorithm that can identify images generated by these neural networks.

This project aims to use (convolutional) neural networks (CNNs) to detect images created by generative neural networks. The task can be formally described as (binary) images classification.

# Plan

- [x] Choose a dataset
- [ ] Try using SOTA models
    - [ ] _Chosen models will appear here_
- [ ] Try finetuning of existing models on training data
- [ ] Try creating a custom model for images classification

-------------------------------------

# Prerequisites
_TBA_

# Setup
_TBA_

# Inference
_TBA_

# Training
The dataset used for training is [AI vs. Human-Generated Images](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/alessandrasala79/ai-vs-human-generated-dataset) distributed under the Apache 2.0 license.

# Results
_TBA_
